README.md, before:

# multi-swap

# Instructions:
For smart contract:

- to run the contract on a fork:
  - ganache-cli --fork NODEURLHERE
  - truffle migrate --reset

- to start frontend:
  - npm start

- Steps to run the application:
  1. Start up ganache-cli (if smart contract fork is to be deployed through truffle)
    - ganache-cli --fork NODEURLHERE
  2. Deploy the smart contract (if smart contract fork is to be deployed through truffle)
    - truffle migrate --reset
  3. Start the application (wait for the contract to deploy finish before starting)
    - npm start 

Note: ensure to change in connectWalletReducer if switching between deploy through truffle and remix
Note: if change chain, do it in connectWalletReducer and customTokenReducer
Note: can get free nodes here: https://www.quicknode.com/endpoints or https://infura.io/ or https://account.getblock.io/

- Testing of contract in truffle
  - tests are in the tests folder.
  - To Test all contracts, run this line in the terminal:
    - truffle test
    - Note: each test file in the test folder are independent of each other
  - We can also just test a single file by specifying the path to the file (truffle test PATH_TO_FILE/FILE.JS) e.g.:
    - truffle test test/THE_TEST_FILE_NAME.js
  - Note: truffle test doesn't actually deploy the contract. But will test execute the main_migration.js file
  - describe is the description of the test name;
  - it is the description of each of the test in the test; we can have multiple its in a describe
  - assert ensures that we get a certain result. If asset fails, then the test fails

- How to set up ganache-cli fork in metamask:
  - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-set-up-ganche-with-metamask/
  1. Go to metamask and add network (Ensure that ganache cli is already running)
  2. Network name: Ganache , RPC URL: HTTP://127.0.0.1:8545 , Chain ID: 1337

- Global dependencies required:
  - npm i -g truffle ganache-cli

Environmental Values:
```Javascript
REACT_APP_MORALIS_API_KEY=XXXXX
REACT_APP_ETHERSCAN_API_KEY=XXXX
REACT_APP_FTMSCAN_API_KEY=XXXX
```
# Product Road Map:
- Phase 1: Swap ETH for multiple token + Basic UI Done
- Phase 2: Swap multiple ETH/ERC20 tokens for ETH/ERC20 tokens
- Phase 3: Deploy to different EVM networks and allow for multiswap + Responsive frontend design for multiple screen sizes
- Phase 4: Continuous Improvements
  - Connect multiple routers to the smart contract and give the best rate for each token
  - Customisation of slippage

# Deployed contracts:
- Uniswap Router V2: https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x7a250d5630B4cF539739dF2C5dAcb4c659F2488D#readContract
- Phase 1:
  - Goerli: 0x743EaA47beaC140B1ff8d7b14C92A757A0dFAbF4
    - Multiswap: https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x743eaa47beac140b1ff8d7b14c92a757a0dfabf4#code
  - Fantom: 0x4e604887d397BB75e064522223c0D56CDD92E990
    - Multiswap: https://ftmscan.com/address/0x4e604887d397BB75e064522223c0D56CDD92E990#code
- Phase 2:
  - Goerli: 0x6aD14F3770bb85a35706DCa781E003Fcf1e716e3
    - Multiswap: https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x6ad14f3770bb85a35706dca781e003fcf1e716e3#code
  - Fantom: 0x439de68f77b135AA56beB2825Be77aA20fbb4384
    - Multiswap: https://ftmscan.com/address/0x439de68f77b135aa56beb2825be77aa20fbb4384


---

# Framework Explaination
- Antd is used to create multiple components
- Note: to see what is the classname that we should change, we can right click and inspect the element and see the classname. Then in the framework.css, we use that classname and overwrite it
## Styling / CSS
- css modules are used
```Javascript
// multiple classes
className={`${classes.firstClass} ${classes.secondClass}`}

// classes with a "-" in the name
className={classes["form-control"]}
```
- colors used:
  - #86C232 lightGreen : text and borders
  - #61892F darkGreen : emphasis for text and borders e.g. on hover
  - #222629 blackish : background
  - #6B6E70 light grey :  misc
  - #474B4F dark grey : emphasis for misc e.g. on hover
  - transparent: background color for most components

# To do list / Progress:
Check TODOANDPROGRESS.md
---
# Deployment instructions refer to: 
https://hackernoon.com/how-to-deploy-a-react-application-with-firebase-hosting-p92m37b7

# Redeploy instructions
npm run build
firebase use <project-id>
firebase serve     <- to test first
firebase deploy    <- to deploy

Commit message:

Added basic api structure and separated client and api folder

README.md, after:

# multi-swap

# Instructions:
For smart contract:

- to run the contract on a fork:
  - ganache-cli --fork NODEURLHERE
  - truffle migrate --reset

- to start frontend:
  - cd client
  - npm start

- to start api:
  - cd api
  - dotnet run

- Steps to run the application: (Note: from the client folder)
  1. Start up ganache-cli (if smart contract fork is to be deployed through truffle)
    - ganache-cli --fork NODEURLHERE
  2. Deploy the smart contract (if smart contract fork is to be deployed through truffle)
    - truffle migrate --reset
  3. Start the application (wait for the contract to deploy finish before starting)
    - npm start 

Note: ensure to change in connectWalletReducer if switching between deploy through truffle and remix
Note: if change chain, do it in connectWalletReducer and customTokenReducer
Note: can get free nodes here: https://www.quicknode.com/endpoints or https://infura.io/ or https://account.getblock.io/

- Testing of contract in truffle
  - tests are in the tests folder.
  - To Test all contracts, run this line in the terminal:
    - truffle test
    - Note: each test file in the test folder are independent of each other
  - We can also just test a single file by specifying the path to the file (truffle test PATH_TO_FILE/FILE.JS) e.g.:
    - truffle test test/THE_TEST_FILE_NAME.js
  - Note: truffle test doesn't actually deploy the contract. But will test execute the main_migration.js file
  - describe is the description of the test name;
  - it is the description of each of the test in the test; we can have multiple its in a describe
  - assert ensures that we get a certain result. If asset fails, then the test fails

- How to set up ganache-cli fork in metamask:
  - https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-set-up-ganche-with-metamask/
  1. Go to metamask and add network (Ensure that ganache cli is already running)
  2. Network name: Ganache , RPC URL: HTTP://127.0.0.1:8545 , Chain ID: 1337

- Global dependencies required:
  - npm i -g truffle ganache-cli

Environmental Values:
```Javascript
REACT_APP_MORALIS_API_KEY=XXXXX
REACT_APP_ETHERSCAN_API_KEY=XXXX
REACT_APP_FTMSCAN_API_KEY=XXXX
```
# Product Road Map:
- Phase 1: Swap ETH for multiple token + Basic UI Done
- Phase 2: Swap multiple ETH/ERC20 tokens for ETH/ERC20 tokens
- Phase 3: Deploy to different EVM networks and allow for multiswap + Responsive frontend design for multiple screen sizes
- Phase 4: Continuous Improvements
  - Connect multiple routers to the smart contract and give the best rate for each token
  - Customisation of slippage

# Deployed contracts:
- Uniswap Router V2: https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x7a250d5630B4cF539739dF2C5dAcb4c659F2488D#readContract
- Phase 1:
  - Goerli: 0x743EaA47beaC140B1ff8d7b14C92A757A0dFAbF4
    - Multiswap: https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x743eaa47beac140b1ff8d7b14c92a757a0dfabf4#code
  - Fantom: 0x4e604887d397BB75e064522223c0D56CDD92E990
    - Multiswap: https://ftmscan.com/address/0x4e604887d397BB75e064522223c0D56CDD92E990#code
- Phase 2:
  - Goerli: 0x6aD14F3770bb85a35706DCa781E003Fcf1e716e3
    - Multiswap: https://goerli.etherscan.io/address/0x6ad14f3770bb85a35706dca781e003fcf1e716e3#code
  - Fantom: 0x439de68f77b135AA56beB2825Be77aA20fbb4384
    - Multiswap: https://ftmscan.com/address/0x439de68f77b135aa56beb2825be77aa20fbb4384


---

# Framework Explaination
- Antd is used to create multiple components
- Note: to see what is the classname that we should change, we can right click and inspect the element and see the classname. Then in the framework.css, we use that classname and overwrite it
## Styling / CSS
- css modules are used
```Javascript
// multiple classes
className={`${classes.firstClass} ${classes.secondClass}`}

// classes with a "-" in the name
className={classes["form-control"]}
```
- colors used:
  - #86C232 lightGreen : text and borders
  - #61892F darkGreen : emphasis for text and borders e.g. on hover
  - #222629 blackish : background
  - #6B6E70 light grey :  misc
  - #474B4F dark grey : emphasis for misc e.g. on hover
  - transparent: background color for most components

# To do list / Progress:
Check TODOANDPROGRESS.md
---
# Deployment instructions refer to: 
https://hackernoon.com/how-to-deploy-a-react-application-with-firebase-hosting-p92m37b7

# Redeploy instructions
- npm run build
- firebase use <project-id>  <- Note: can be found in firebase console in the project. e.g. for this case it is multiswap-b2243
- firebase serve     <- to test first
- firebase deploy    <- to deploy
