TODOANDPROGRESS.md, before:

# To do list / Progress:
## To do
- get the chain from the connected metamask and store it in the connectWalletReducer. Need ensure that the change chain in the nav bar works too
- changing the chains should cause the tokens/custom tokens displayed to change accordingly
- create similar smart contracts for other chains (e.g. ftm testnet / kovan)
- allow for multiple chains to be connected (e.g. ftm testnet/kovan) on the frontend
- hardcode common assets for the new chain
- ensure to seprate custom tokens for diff chains
- ensure swap functionalities are working
- -----End Of Phase 3: Ability to use different chains-----

<br />

- -----Start Of Phase 4: Continuous Improvements-----
- work on setting for swaps
  - e.g. slippage (need control on smartcontracts too)
- work on light mode dark mode css theme

## Pending Bug Fixes
- In CryptoSwapItem.js[ cant seem to recreate this issue. KIV]
  - if add 3 assets, if edit the 2nd one and then 3rd then 1st, gives errors. maybe check selectassetitem.js to fix
or, maybe upon clicking the + button, we create the asset in swapFrom and swapTo, but keep it with empty values except for index:
  - e.g. {index: 0, amount: 0, asset: "", ...} then, in selectassetitem, we change the details accordingly. 
  - This ensures that the list is ordered; but what about when remove assets? maybe we re-order? does the key for the cryptoswapitem change when remove to?
  - Solution is TBC

## Note / KIV: 
- In phase 1 release, have removed all the other assets from select asset modal in swap from except for the native asset (e.g. ETH or FTM) to ensure user doesn't select anything else from swap from
  - To revert the change, Search for the comment: // setCombinedAssetList(combinedAssetListTemp)
  - uncomment the that line
  - comment out the line below that

## Low Priority Items: 
- error in the return value in event for some swaps (currently for sure case 2 is effected). The token swapfrom value amount is showing the amount of ETH it is swapped for when it should show the amount of the original tokens being swapped instead. Currently, swap from portion is still working since we take the swap from value from frontend itself. Ensure that the swapfrom values for all cases are correct. 
- Refactor backend APIs to C# 
- add swap history and save it to a database along with the value it was swapped for; history can access from nav bar
- Proxy set up for smart contract
- store contract ABIs in a database and fetch it:
  - current idea is to call etherscan/ftmscan/etc api to fetch the ABI whenever user wants to approve tokens for ERC20 transfer
  - This doesn't scale well on free etherscan plans (unless going for paid version)
  - Instead, change it to this flow:
    1. When user needs to approve, call an API to database to check whether it has the token ABI for the given chain. 
    2. If it exists, fetch that ABI from database to be used for user to approved.
    3. If it doesn't exist, call the etherscan/etc API to get the ABI
    4. Call an API to store it in the database for the given chain and token address in a format similar to this:
      ``` Javascript
      {
        chain: {
          eth: {
            tokenAddress1: TOKEN_ADDRESS_1_CONTRACT_ABI,
            tokenAddress2: TOKEN_ADDRESS_2_CONTRACT_ABI,
            // and so on
          },
          ftm: {
            // and so on
          },
          // other chains here...
          
          }
      }
      ```
      
# Done:
- 9/7/22: Code smart contract for ETH -> Multiple assets
- 2/9/22: General swap component structure
- 16/9/22: UI for Drop drop modal for select an asset (hardcode common assets) [pass state properly in the future]
- 18/9/22: UI Add custom token; do checks that it is a legit token address & fetch the token metadata (i.e. name) [https://docs.moralis.io/reference/gettokenmetadata]
- 20/9/22: Store custom addresses in local storage using redux persist
- 20/10/22: Find a way to pass state from the different components to the "swap" button in Swap.js
  - For now, just need to ensure that all the correct state is there for the swap and do a console.log() to test. Connect to smart contract in the future.
  - use redux and place in global state
  - e.g. maybe clicking swap maybe pass an object:
    ```Javascript
    const swapDetails = {
        from:[
            {asset: 'ETH', amount: 0.10 },{....}
        ],
        to:[
            {...},{...}
        ]
    }
    // note: array cause we want it to be iterable
    ```
- 20/10/22: Add percentage to each cryptoSwapItem (for to) and ensure sum of is always equal 100%
- 20/10/22: Validation for swap (ensure percentages sums to 100%, tokens are selected and amounts are al zero)
- 20/10/22: Upon clicking "PREVIEW SWAP", show prview swap modal which shows approximately what the user gets
- 20/10/22: Add a minus button for each cryptoSwapItem
  - ensure that there is always at least 1 to and from
  - remove the state upon minus
- 11/01/23: Added metamask connect
  - use redux and store the wallet address in global store
- 12/01/23: Price API to display price and ensure it is in preview swap
  - Created an API folder
  - Refactored price API. Price API is now called in CryptoSwapItem.js CryptoSwapToItem.js
  - Price is then added as an object in the global store for swap reducer in swapFrom and swapTo
  - Price is then taken from the store and placed in the PreviewSwapModal
- 12/01/23: Refactor and combine CryptoSwapItem.js and CryptoSwapToItem.js into just CryptoSwapItem.js
- 13/01/23: Add events to smart contract (so that can detect when swap is pending and finished)
- 15/01/23: Refactor to add in ftm chain. Separate ETH network items for future use
  - Note: If want change back chain, do it in the connecWalletReducer.js (e.g. to change chain back to eth, just put chain: 'eth' instead of 'ftm')
- 16/01/23: Get User Balances in select a token modal and display in swap component; use an API for this [https://deep-index.moralis.io/api-docs/#/account/getTokenBalances] or [https://docs.moralis.io/reference/getwallettokenbalances]
  - get balance should be in the SelectAssetModal component which passes the balance around the other components
  - Update the swap button to ensure that balances is also sent
  - validation to ensure swapping amount is < balance
- 17/01/23: connect smart contract to frontend (start with ftm) (refer to: https://github.com/denliehoo/defi-staking-app/blob/main/src/components/App.js on how to connect)
- 17/01/23: change the function in PreviewSwapModal.js; need to display getAmountOut and connect the swap function properly, and to display how many ERC20/ETH can be received from the swap in the Modal
- 17/01/23 - 2: add decimal places in the defaultAsset and custom token, also add it into the swapFrom/swapTo. Then, format the amount out in PreviewSwapModal.js properly
- 17/01/23 - 2: Fix issue which caused the custom token to not appear when toggling for the first time (before fix had to close modal and open again for it to appear)
- 18/01/23: Add swap functionality to frontend; ensure swap ETH (single asset) for multiple assets % (e.g. USDC and DAI) is functional
- 19/01/23: touch up on preview swap modal skeleton code (it should show token logo too; hence pass the state to swapFrom and swapTo)
- 19/01/23 -2 : Add pending spinner after clicking confirm swap and change the pending spinner to a swap submitted modal (refer to wireframe) after user confirms on metamask
- 25/01/23: Add in Goerli network and change it to it for testing
- 25/01/23: Show notifications when swap is pending (after use clicked confirm on metamask) and when swap is completed
- 25/01/23: Refactor connect wallet function from navbar to connectWalletReducer
- 25/01/23: Change the Preview Swap Button to "Connect To Wallet" if not connected. Upon clicking it, it should connect to wallet. 
- 26/01/23: error handling for when unable to get amounts out (e.g. USDT for FTM)
- 01/02/23: Basic CSS styling for antd components done in framework.css
- 01/02/23: Basic styling for some global components in styles.css
- 01/02/23: Basic CSS for Swap component, Select Asset Modal, Manage Custom Token Modal
- 02/02/23: Basic CSS for preview swap modal
- 03/02/23: Search function for select asset modal
- 03/02/23 - 2: Refactor search function into a component to be used in Select asset modal
- 03/02/23 - 2: format numbers. (TBC: crypto=8dp , FIAT=2dp)
- 05/02/23: Get chain id and ensure use is connected to the correct chain. If it isn't, request they add that chain. Metamask should also popup for this when user clicks change or add chain
  - try: wallet_switchEthereumChain first with just the chain Id
  - it will give an error if the user doesnt have the chain id in their metamask
  - Then, in catch block, do: wallet_addEthereumChain to get the users to add the chain
- 06/02/23: ensure inline css is refactored to module (except for antd specific ones)
- 06/02/23: make error handling look nicer
- 08/02/23: Prepare to deply to live environment
- -----End Of Phase 1: Swap ETH to Multiple ERC20 tokens-----

- -----Start Of Phase 2: Swap ETH/ERC20 tokens to ETH/ERC20 tokens-----
- 12/02/23: work on smart contract; possible scenario:
  1. ETH -> ERC20(s) coded previously
  2. ERC20(s) -> ETH
  3. ERC20(s) -> ERC20(s)
  4. ERC20(s) -> ETH + ERC20(s)
  5. ETH + ERC20 -> ERC20(s)
- 12/02/23: write tests for it to ensure it works properly
- 23/02/23: check for getAmountsOut for these cases in the getAmountsOut function in the preview swap Modal:
  1. ETH -> ERC20(s) coded previously
  2. ERC20(s) -> ETH
  3. ERC20(s) -> ERC20(s)
  4. ERC20(s) -> ETH + ERC20(s)
  5. ETH + ERC20 -> ERC20(s)
  - Note: throw error on frontend if user tries to swap ETH + ERC20s -> ETH + ERC20s or ETH -> ETH
    - To get the approve function, we cannot create an interface on smart contract on behalf of user.Instead, we must get the ABI of the ERC20 token and get the user to call the approve function directly on our front end.
    - To get contract ABI, we can call APIs to do so from e.g. etherscan API or ftmscan API. For example can use this get method:
    - https://api.etherscan.io/api?module=contract&action=getabi&address=TOKENADDRESSHERE&apikey=APIKEYHERE
    - Perform error handling for if unable to get contract ABI. Load the contract in the getAmountsOut function
    - if have any that requires approval, add an Approve XXX Token button between the You Give and You Get in the preview swap screen. Can add a "approvalsRequired" state
    - disable the Confirm button if have any approval
    - upon user approve and confirm, change the Approve XXX Token button to a button which says Approved XXX Token and diable the button; maybe put a tick symbol beside it also
    - if there are no more that requires approval, enable the Confirm button
- 24/02/23: Connect the new swap types for all case to the frontend and ensure it is working
- 25/02/23: Optimisation and reducing API calls: Add the balances during getTokenBalances api call to local storage.
  - If balances is queried again, check whether it has been more than 60 seconds
  - If more than 60 seconds, remove from local storage 
  - If it has been less than 60 seconds, show the balance from local
  - If a swap has occured / custom token imported, remove from local
- 28/02/23: Preparing to launch phase 2
- -----End Of Phase 2: Swap ETH/ERC20 tokens to ETH/ERC20 tokens-----
- -----Start Of Phase 3: Ability to use different chains-----
- 17/03/23: optimise CSS for different screen sizes
- 17/03/23: If asset already exists in select asset modal, then user shouldn't be able to import it

Commit message:

User can now connect to 2 different chains to use multi swap

TODOANDPROGRESS.md, after:

# To do list / Progress:
## To do
- ensure swap functionalities are working
- clean/refactor code
- -----End Of Phase 3: Ability to use different chains-----

<br />

- -----Start Of Phase 4: Continuous Improvements-----
- work on setting for swaps
  - e.g. slippage (need control on smartcontracts too)
- work on light mode dark mode css theme

## Pending Bug Fixes
- In CryptoSwapItem.js[ cant seem to recreate this issue. KIV]
  - if add 3 assets, if edit the 2nd one and then 3rd then 1st, gives errors. maybe check selectassetitem.js to fix
or, maybe upon clicking the + button, we create the asset in swapFrom and swapTo, but keep it with empty values except for index:
  - e.g. {index: 0, amount: 0, asset: "", ...} then, in selectassetitem, we change the details accordingly. 
  - This ensures that the list is ordered; but what about when remove assets? maybe we re-order? does the key for the cryptoswapitem change when remove to?
  - Solution is TBC

## Note / KIV: 
- In phase 1 release, have removed all the other assets from select asset modal in swap from except for the native asset (e.g. ETH or FTM) to ensure user doesn't select anything else from swap from
  - To revert the change, Search for the comment: // setCombinedAssetList(combinedAssetListTemp)
  - uncomment the that line
  - comment out the line below that

## Low Priority Items: 
- error in the return value in event for some swaps (currently for sure case 2 is effected). The token swapfrom value amount is showing the amount of ETH it is swapped for when it should show the amount of the original tokens being swapped instead. Currently, swap from portion is still working since we take the swap from value from frontend itself. Ensure that the swapfrom values for all cases are correct. 
- Refactor backend APIs to C# 
- add swap history and save it to a database along with the value it was swapped for; history can access from nav bar
- Proxy set up for smart contract
- store contract ABIs in a database and fetch it:
  - current idea is to call etherscan/ftmscan/etc api to fetch the ABI whenever user wants to approve tokens for ERC20 transfer
  - This doesn't scale well on free etherscan plans (unless going for paid version)
  - Instead, change it to this flow:
    1. When user needs to approve, call an API to database to check whether it has the token ABI for the given chain. 
    2. If it exists, fetch that ABI from database to be used for user to approved.
    3. If it doesn't exist, call the etherscan/etc API to get the ABI
    4. Call an API to store it in the database for the given chain and token address in a format similar to this:
      ``` Javascript
      {
        chain: {
          eth: {
            tokenAddress1: TOKEN_ADDRESS_1_CONTRACT_ABI,
            tokenAddress2: TOKEN_ADDRESS_2_CONTRACT_ABI,
            // and so on
          },
          ftm: {
            // and so on
          },
          // other chains here...
          
          }
      }
      ```
      
# Done:
- 9/7/22: Code smart contract for ETH -> Multiple assets
- 2/9/22: General swap component structure
- 16/9/22: UI for Drop drop modal for select an asset (hardcode common assets) [pass state properly in the future]
- 18/9/22: UI Add custom token; do checks that it is a legit token address & fetch the token metadata (i.e. name) [https://docs.moralis.io/reference/gettokenmetadata]
- 20/9/22: Store custom addresses in local storage using redux persist
- 20/10/22: Find a way to pass state from the different components to the "swap" button in Swap.js
  - For now, just need to ensure that all the correct state is there for the swap and do a console.log() to test. Connect to smart contract in the future.
  - use redux and place in global state
  - e.g. maybe clicking swap maybe pass an object:
    ```Javascript
    const swapDetails = {
        from:[
            {asset: 'ETH', amount: 0.10 },{....}
        ],
        to:[
            {...},{...}
        ]
    }
    // note: array cause we want it to be iterable
    ```
- 20/10/22: Add percentage to each cryptoSwapItem (for to) and ensure sum of is always equal 100%
- 20/10/22: Validation for swap (ensure percentages sums to 100%, tokens are selected and amounts are al zero)
- 20/10/22: Upon clicking "PREVIEW SWAP", show prview swap modal which shows approximately what the user gets
- 20/10/22: Add a minus button for each cryptoSwapItem
  - ensure that there is always at least 1 to and from
  - remove the state upon minus
- 11/01/23: Added metamask connect
  - use redux and store the wallet address in global store
- 12/01/23: Price API to display price and ensure it is in preview swap
  - Created an API folder
  - Refactored price API. Price API is now called in CryptoSwapItem.js CryptoSwapToItem.js
  - Price is then added as an object in the global store for swap reducer in swapFrom and swapTo
  - Price is then taken from the store and placed in the PreviewSwapModal
- 12/01/23: Refactor and combine CryptoSwapItem.js and CryptoSwapToItem.js into just CryptoSwapItem.js
- 13/01/23: Add events to smart contract (so that can detect when swap is pending and finished)
- 15/01/23: Refactor to add in ftm chain. Separate ETH network items for future use
  - Note: If want change back chain, do it in the connecWalletReducer.js (e.g. to change chain back to eth, just put chain: 'eth' instead of 'ftm')
- 16/01/23: Get User Balances in select a token modal and display in swap component; use an API for this [https://deep-index.moralis.io/api-docs/#/account/getTokenBalances] or [https://docs.moralis.io/reference/getwallettokenbalances]
  - get balance should be in the SelectAssetModal component which passes the balance around the other components
  - Update the swap button to ensure that balances is also sent
  - validation to ensure swapping amount is < balance
- 17/01/23: connect smart contract to frontend (start with ftm) (refer to: https://github.com/denliehoo/defi-staking-app/blob/main/src/components/App.js on how to connect)
- 17/01/23: change the function in PreviewSwapModal.js; need to display getAmountOut and connect the swap function properly, and to display how many ERC20/ETH can be received from the swap in the Modal
- 17/01/23 - 2: add decimal places in the defaultAsset and custom token, also add it into the swapFrom/swapTo. Then, format the amount out in PreviewSwapModal.js properly
- 17/01/23 - 2: Fix issue which caused the custom token to not appear when toggling for the first time (before fix had to close modal and open again for it to appear)
- 18/01/23: Add swap functionality to frontend; ensure swap ETH (single asset) for multiple assets % (e.g. USDC and DAI) is functional
- 19/01/23: touch up on preview swap modal skeleton code (it should show token logo too; hence pass the state to swapFrom and swapTo)
- 19/01/23 -2 : Add pending spinner after clicking confirm swap and change the pending spinner to a swap submitted modal (refer to wireframe) after user confirms on metamask
- 25/01/23: Add in Goerli network and change it to it for testing
- 25/01/23: Show notifications when swap is pending (after use clicked confirm on metamask) and when swap is completed
- 25/01/23: Refactor connect wallet function from navbar to connectWalletReducer
- 25/01/23: Change the Preview Swap Button to "Connect To Wallet" if not connected. Upon clicking it, it should connect to wallet. 
- 26/01/23: error handling for when unable to get amounts out (e.g. USDT for FTM)
- 01/02/23: Basic CSS styling for antd components done in framework.css
- 01/02/23: Basic styling for some global components in styles.css
- 01/02/23: Basic CSS for Swap component, Select Asset Modal, Manage Custom Token Modal
- 02/02/23: Basic CSS for preview swap modal
- 03/02/23: Search function for select asset modal
- 03/02/23 - 2: Refactor search function into a component to be used in Select asset modal
- 03/02/23 - 2: format numbers. (TBC: crypto=8dp , FIAT=2dp)
- 05/02/23: Get chain id and ensure use is connected to the correct chain. If it isn't, request they add that chain. Metamask should also popup for this when user clicks change or add chain
  - try: wallet_switchEthereumChain first with just the chain Id
  - it will give an error if the user doesnt have the chain id in their metamask
  - Then, in catch block, do: wallet_addEthereumChain to get the users to add the chain
- 06/02/23: ensure inline css is refactored to module (except for antd specific ones)
- 06/02/23: make error handling look nicer
- 08/02/23: Prepare to deply to live environment
- -----End Of Phase 1: Swap ETH to Multiple ERC20 tokens-----

- -----Start Of Phase 2: Swap ETH/ERC20 tokens to ETH/ERC20 tokens-----
- 12/02/23: work on smart contract; possible scenario:
  1. ETH -> ERC20(s) coded previously
  2. ERC20(s) -> ETH
  3. ERC20(s) -> ERC20(s)
  4. ERC20(s) -> ETH + ERC20(s)
  5. ETH + ERC20 -> ERC20(s)
- 12/02/23: write tests for it to ensure it works properly
- 23/02/23: check for getAmountsOut for these cases in the getAmountsOut function in the preview swap Modal:
  1. ETH -> ERC20(s) coded previously
  2. ERC20(s) -> ETH
  3. ERC20(s) -> ERC20(s)
  4. ERC20(s) -> ETH + ERC20(s)
  5. ETH + ERC20 -> ERC20(s)
  - Note: throw error on frontend if user tries to swap ETH + ERC20s -> ETH + ERC20s or ETH -> ETH
    - To get the approve function, we cannot create an interface on smart contract on behalf of user.Instead, we must get the ABI of the ERC20 token and get the user to call the approve function directly on our front end.
    - To get contract ABI, we can call APIs to do so from e.g. etherscan API or ftmscan API. For example can use this get method:
    - https://api.etherscan.io/api?module=contract&action=getabi&address=TOKENADDRESSHERE&apikey=APIKEYHERE
    - Perform error handling for if unable to get contract ABI. Load the contract in the getAmountsOut function
    - if have any that requires approval, add an Approve XXX Token button between the You Give and You Get in the preview swap screen. Can add a "approvalsRequired" state
    - disable the Confirm button if have any approval
    - upon user approve and confirm, change the Approve XXX Token button to a button which says Approved XXX Token and diable the button; maybe put a tick symbol beside it also
    - if there are no more that requires approval, enable the Confirm button
- 24/02/23: Connect the new swap types for all case to the frontend and ensure it is working
- 25/02/23: Optimisation and reducing API calls: Add the balances during getTokenBalances api call to local storage.
  - If balances is queried again, check whether it has been more than 60 seconds
  - If more than 60 seconds, remove from local storage 
  - If it has been less than 60 seconds, show the balance from local
  - If a swap has occured / custom token imported, remove from local
- 28/02/23: Preparing to launch phase 2
- -----End Of Phase 2: Swap ETH/ERC20 tokens to ETH/ERC20 tokens-----
- -----Start Of Phase 3: Ability to use different chains-----
- 17/03/23: optimise CSS for different screen sizes
- 17/03/23: If asset already exists in select asset modal, then user shouldn't be able to import it 
- 30/03/23: create similar smart contracts for other chains 
- 30/03/23: Ensure user can change chain in nav bar
  - changing the chains should cause the tokens/custom tokens displayed to change accordingly
  - changing chain should change the displayed chain in the nav bar accordingly
  - the smart contract connected for swapping should change too
